1         INT. BUILDING IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE - AFTERNOON          1

          Jatin, 25, procrastinator, lying on the couch, contemplating
          about existentialism.

          The phone has been ringing since morning, 28 missed calls.
          It all started after he made a call to his elder sister in
          the morning asking if she is willing to go on a trip with
          him.

          She had rejected the idea outright stating her busy schedule
          and family responsibilities. They both had planned quite a
          few trips during their childhood.

          The morning conversation between the siblings.

                              MEGHNA
                         (half-asleep, irritated by
                         imagining her day so early)
                    What's gotten into you today? It's not
                    even 9 o'clock.

                              JATIN
                         (surprised)
                    Huh! Cranky sister.

                              MEGHNA
                    Now, do I require your permission to get
                    cranky as well?

                              JATIN
                    Listen! I'm going to France next month.
                    You want to actually fulfill one of your
                    childhood promises?

          Meghna clawing her husband's back as she tries to wake him
          up. They are smiling at the fact that she can never be easy
          with her brother.

                              MEGHNA
                    Sorry brother. You'll have to go solo
                    again. I can't leave Karan for a week. 
                         (making playful moves and
                         smirking at Karan)
                    He might ditch me while I'm hooking up
                    with random strangers in some foreign
                    land.

                              JATIN
                    You're so cruel. I'm taking Vaishali
                    with me. You can bring Karan as well. We
                    can all have an orgy in the most
                    romantic country of all.

          Meghna is shocked at such a statement from the innocent
          Jatin who would not do anything even if a girl is standing
          naked in his room.

          Jatin is waiting for the answer of which he surely expects a
          rejection and has already booked only 2 tickets. Vaishali
          got included in the plan last night only and who doesn't
          like to take advantage of couple bookings.

          Indians are suckers for saving all the pennies they can.

