1         INT. JATIN'S COUCH AND MEGHNA'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON         1

          Jatin, 25, procrastinator, lying on the couch, contemplating
          about existentialism.

          The phone has been ringing since morning, 28 missed calls.
          It all started after he made a call to his elder sister in
          the morning asking if she is willing to go on a trip with
          him.

          She had rejected the idea outright stating her busy schedule
          and family responsibilities. They both had planned quite a
          few trips during their childhood.

          The morning conversation between the siblings.

                              MEGHNA
                         (half-asleep, irritated by
                         imagining her day so early)
                    What's gotten into you today? It's not
                    even 9 o'clock.

                              JATIN
                         (surprised)
                    Huh! Cranky sister.

                              MEGHNA
                    Now, do I require your permission to get
                    cranky as well?

                              JATIN
                    Listen! I'm going to France next month.
                    You want to actually fulfill one of your
                    childhood promises?

          Meghna clawing her husband's back as she tries to wake him
          up. They are smiling at the fact that she can never be easy
          with her brother.

                              MEGHNA
                    Sorry brother. You'll have to go solo
                    again. I can't leave Karan for a week. 
                         (making playful moves and
                         smirking at Karan)
                    He might ditch me while I'm hooking up
                    with random strangers in some foreign
                    land.

                              JATIN
                    You're so cruel. I'm taking Vaishali
                    with me. You can bring Karan as well. We
                    can all have an orgy in the most
                    romantic country of all.

          Meghna is shocked at such a statement from the innocent
          Jatin who would not do anything even if a girl is standing
          naked in his room.

          Jatin is waiting for the answer of which he surely expects a
          rejection and has already booked only 2 tickets. Vaishali
          got included in the plan last night only and who doesn't
          like to take advantage of couple bookings.

          Indians are suckers for saving all the pennies they can.

                              MEGHNA
                    It sounds awkward. I have work to do.
                    Have fun. Take pictures.

          Meghna disconnected the call. Jatin is wondering whether it
          made sense to even ask her. He knew she wasn't going to
          agree.

          Jatin called Vaishali and updated her with the plan. She
          sounded excited that it's a couples trip and she could check
          off another couple goals from the list.

          Jatin was sad that he wanted his sister to come along and he
          abruptly disconnected the call and threw his phone on the
          floor and has gone into an overthinking mode.

2         INT. JATIN'S OFFICE - EVENING                               2

          Jatin usually goes to the office in the afternoon and works
          till midnight.

          Jatin is working on finishing up a piece which has to be
          shipped by the EOD.

          Jatin is a bit of loner when it comes to deadlines and
          randomly exclaims after an hour or two without actually
          making sense.

          Around 8PM

                              JATIN
                    Pain? A stupid thing. 
                    Emotions? Keep exploiting.

          Around 11PM

                              JATIN (CONTINUED)
                    Just in time to catch her.

          Vaishali was about to pick him and they had plans to visit
          this new club in town and party the hell out of it.

3         EXT. ELEVATOR IN JATIN'S OFFICE - MIDNIGHT                  3

